toughest of all was this veilside supra
which we spotted leaving the car park
check out the exhaust pipes and the
buttress roof style hatch the dominating
force on the carpark however was
definitely the VIP boys
every Japanese luxury sedan you could
name had crazy wide wheels extended
exhausts giant wings and truly
ridiculous flares
some of them are really grotesque but
this red cell SIA does look quite cool
they're all very sociable mostly
belonging to clubs and they love to be
seen cruising together
the noisy exhausts make sure everyone
notices
some things in the car park were just
plain weird like this truck
but the ultimate lunatic award musk out
of this guy just check out the negative
camber on those rear wheels